updates from summer hack (#228)
NuevoFoundation/workshops: content/english/phaser-space-invaders-game/activity-10.md

> This is very simple! we will first comment out `startGame() line` from the bottum of `create()` in `Scene 1`. We are going to use `startGame() fuction` to start game instead of start automatically as before:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is very simple! we will first comment out `startGame()` line from the bottom of `create()` in `Scene 1`. We are going to use `startGame()` function to start game instead of start automatically as before:
```

<!--- ![startGame()](../media/11/comment_out.png)--->
<img src="../media/11/comment_out.png" alt="startGame comment out" style="width:950px;"/>

The console will go back to a black canvas. To make a title screen, we need to import the background screen and some text in `start page` section from scene 1:

<!--- ![start_page](../media/11/start_page.png)--->
<img src="../media/11/start_page.png" alt="start_page" style="width:950px;"/>

You can only create background as an image in `create()`, because images can only be moved in `update()` functions!

For the texts, We would recommend different `font` and `fills` for title text and start text.

> Now, we will call the startGame() method only if the player clicks to start the game:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, we will call the `startGame()` method only if the player clicks to start the game:
```
